EaWater
About 75% of planet Earth is covered in liquid water.  Earth is the only planet with liquid water on its surface.
EaCraters
Most of Earth's craters were destroyed long ago by Earth's weather, but some craters survived, like this crater in Arizona.
EaSmall
Compared with Jupiter, Earth is considered a small planet.  Earth is nearly 8,000 miles across.
EaRocky
Earth is a solid planet made of rock material.
EaOneMoon
Earth does have at least one moon. In fact, Earth only has one moon.
EaMountains
Earth has many mountains on its surface.  In fact, there are even some mountains under Earth's oceans.
EaVolcanoes
Earth has quite a few volcanoes.  Many of them are still active and erupt from time to time.
EaFreeOxygen
Earth life maintains and needs free oxygen, oxygen which has not combined with other gases, in the atmosphere.
EaMagneticField
Earth has a magnetic field that is fairly strong, which is why a compass can be used.
EaLightning
Some storms on Earth produce lightning, a release of built up electrical charge in storm clouds.
EaPolarCaps
Because temperatures are so cold near the north and south poles, water is always frozen into massive, polar ice caps.
EaEarthLike
Earth is the standard we use when comparing other solid planets because of its rocky composition.
EaLife
Earth is the only place in the entire solar system that is known to have life.  All life on Earth needs liquid water to survive.
EaAurora
Charged particles from the Sun interact with the magnetic field at Earth's poles to produce beautiful Aurora (also called the Northern - or Southern - Lights).
EaSeasons
Because the Earth is tilted, different areas receive more sunlight at different parts of the year producing noticeable seasons.
EaVisited
Earth has been "visited" by many satellites, many of which are currently studying Earth's weather, geology, oceans, temperature, and so on.
EaLanded
What goes up, must come down.  Earth has sent up many satellites that have already returned with their information.
EaLessMoons
Earth has less than five moons. In fact, Earth only has one moon.